Okay, so you know that in C++ there are no package managers like Node or Python ecosystem. So we want to build one for that. Our package manager will work like this. So you know that in C++ there are multiple compilers. So the first thing our package manager will do, detect the user's system and check which compiler his system has or he is using in that project and use that compiler to use on that project. And the second thing, we need to create a custom file like package.json or for in Python ecosystem there is pyproject.toml or requirement.txt like that, a custom configuration file where we will register the packages what we are installing and also with that, the C++ version, which C++ version user is using, all those things. And also, as you know, to install the package, user need to write the header file's name. For example, I'm just giving the package manager's name cpPackage. So for example, I need to install the x package. Okay, so I will just do cpPackage install x. So it will install the package. It will detect which compiler I am on, which is my operating system. And it will write the record on that configuration file what we will create. We can write a JSON file or a TOML file, even something more like other kind of files. You can do that. And by doing this, we can create a really cool thing. And another thing also we want to provide that is, users can run their C++ applications from our package manager. For example, in Node we do fun run dev. It does not count what we have written. It just do the entire thing. So for example, there are users who can compile it, just one compiler, what custom command he will write in his package manager configuration, what we will provide. For example, in Node ecosystem in package.json, users simply write the dev script and the run or npm just execute that. Here will be like that. and user can install the apedg in rpejct envoirment genearaly othre packeg anmenrg in v++ intall the pahced inthe global we will provide in local like node_modueles or .venv in pyhton so lets start buiotig this . So yeah, let's build it. And we will choose rust only to build this package manager for C++. what do uinthink?

